2-27-2022: inital reop start up adding files and read me file to repo.

2-28-2022: begin basic lay of of HTML file and linked style sheet and rest.

2-29-2022: began styling webpage and discide to use a background image instead of a color to start off. I have troubles finding and downloading the file but once was downloaded I was able to add it to add the image to my background using "background-image: url("./images/galaxy.jpg");" and looks very nice.

3-1-2022: begin the header and body seactions for my about me and work i have done and ran into mutiple issues using flexbot but was able to solve my issues using old code and a flexbox website as referance. one issue is that i was having issue figuring out how to what box i was working on so i decide to give each secetion a different background color this help me better under stand what box i was working on and made it easier for styling and positioning. i also discovered i have a huge lack of photos to choose from.

3-2-2022: finish the header and body styling and worked on the footer today some issue i had was that i was unable to get my icons to work and was having issue with links to work and websites. The issue i was having with my icons not appering was do to the fact that the icon i was using was not linked in my header and after i put the correct href link the icons show themselfs, how ever they where not to scale and style I i required a recouce to fix this issue. the website link was dude to not properly anchoring my anchor points. Also when i was trying to make the icon in to click able links i discovered that i need to add the Icon after my anchor point.